At the end of Hour 1 (bottom of page 19) in your textbook, the authors make a request: "Try the example code from this hour in as many different browsers as you have access to.  What differences do you note in how the example pages are displayed?"  Why do you suppose this request is made? (4 points)
What is a JavaScript Function? (2 points)
Discuss the similarities and differences between the alert(), confirm() and prompt() methods that belong to the window object.  What are these methods typically used for? (4 points)
What are the three data types available in JavaScript, and what sort of values is each data type meant to represent? (6 points)

1. I have tried displaying the pages on Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, and Mozilla Firefox.  They are all similar in that they all display the "Hello World!" message and an OK button in popup boxes.  They are different in that they have different formats.  Internet Explorer includes a "Message from webpage" title at the top of the alert window, and it also includes a yellow triangle icon next to the alert message.  Google Chrome includes a "JavaScript Alert" title at the top of the alert window.  Mozilla Firefox does not have a message title at the top of the alert window, and it does not have a close button on the top right of the window.  This request was made to allow us to analyze the differences in displays within different browsers to understand the perspective of different users that may view the website.  By knowing that there may substantial differences between each browser, we can be more careful in testing the code under different circumstances.
2. A JavaScript function is a reusable module that is available for the rest of the program to use.  They make code easier to debug and maintain.  Any function can be called throughout the rest of the code after it has been declared and defined.  Functions are often defined in the head of the code, making it accessible throughout the body.
3. The similarities between the alert(), confirm(), and prompt() methods are that they all open modal dialog and have the option to click the "OK" button.  The prompt() method is also similar to confirm() in that it gives the option to select either "OK" or "Cancel."  These methods also have numerous differences.  The alert() method does not give the option to select "Cancel."  The prompt() method also has a box that allows the user to enter information.  The alert() method does not return a value; the confirm() method returns a boolean value based on what the user selected; the prompt() method returns either a string or null depending on the response.  The alert(), confirm(), and prompt() methods have different uses.  The alert() method is typically used to notify the user of something.  The confirm() method is typically used to give the user an option between something.  The prompt() method is typically used to allow the user to write their own response to something.
4. The three data types available in JavaScript are numbers, strings, and booleans.  Numbers can take the form of integers or floating-point values.  Integers are whole numbers of positive, negative, or zero.  Floating-point numbers are numbers with a fractional part.  Numbers can include infinity and negative infinity, and they are often represented with a positive or negative 253.  Strings are sequences of characters that usually store text within quotes.  Strings are meant to represent characters or series of text as values.  These strings can utilize escape sequences for different results by including the backslash followed by certain characters.  Booleans store the results of logical operations, and represents either the true or false values.  Two special data types are the null and undefined that represent either no value or an incompatible value.
